PSMDB-1573 Update documentation to add guidance on LDAP parameters en… (#969)
percona/psmdb-docs: docs/ldap-setup.md

## Assumptions

* The setup of an LDAP server is out of scope of this document. We assume that you are familiar with the LDAP server schema.

> * An explanation of [RFC4514](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc4514.txt), [RFC4515](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4515), [RFC4516](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4516), or LDAP queries is out of scope. Please review the RFC directly or use your preferred LDAP resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An explanation of [RFC4514](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc4514.txt), [RFC4515](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4515), [RFC4516](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4516), or LDAP queries is out of scope of this setup. Please review the RFC directly or use your preferred LDAP resource.
```

> * An explanation of [RFC4514](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc4514.txt), [RFC4515](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4515), [RFC4516](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4516), or LDAP queries is out of scope of this setup. Please review the RFC directly or use your preferred LDAP resource.

Reviewer: I would trade places by mentioning LDAP queries first and then RCFs that describe special character escaping in those queries

## Assumptions

* The setup of an LDAP server is out of scope of this document. We assume that you are familiar with the LDAP server schema.

> * If usernames contain special characters, they must be escaped as described in [RFC4514](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc4514.txt), [RFC4515](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4515), [RFC4516](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4516). An explanation of escaping rules or LDAP queries is out of scope of this setup. Please review the RFC directly or use your preferred LDAP resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If usernames contain special characters, they must be escaped as described in [RFC4514](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc4514.txt), [RFC4515](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4515), [RFC4516](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4516). Usage of particular escaping methods depends on the part of the LDAP query which will contain substituted value. An explanation of escaping rules or LDAP queries is out of scope of this setup. Please review the RFC directly or use your preferred LDAP resource.
```

member: cn=bob,dc=percona,dc=com
```

## Prerequisites 
- To configure LDAP, you must have the `sudo` privilege to the server with the {{ product.psmdb_full_name }} installed.

> - If your LDAP server disallows anonymous binds, create the user that Percona Server for MongoDB will use to connect to and query the LDAP server. Afterwards, set that username and password using`security.ldap.bind.queryUser` and `security.ldap.bind.queryPassword` parameters in the `mongod.conf` configuration file. If username or any part of it will end up substituted as distinguished name it must be escaped according to [RFC 4514](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4514). It may happen when: 

Reviewer: As I understand the requirement to escape special characters applies to all usernames, not just for the one PSMDB uses to connect to LDAP. Maybe it's worth mentioning this?

    - A username is a fully distinguished name and can be substituted directly into the `security.ldap.authz.queryTemplate` parameter without using any transformation via `security.ldap.userToDNMapping`.

>     - A username represents an email address or fullname and after transformation via `security.ldap.userToDNMapping` some parts of it may become part of distinguished name substituted into the  `security.ldap.authz.queryTemplate` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - A username represents an email address or full name and after transformation via `security.ldap.userToDNMapping`, some parts of it may become part of a distinguished name substituted into the  `security.ldap.authz.queryTemplate` parameter.
```

#### Access with username transformation

If users connect to Percona Server for MongoDB with usernames that are not LDAP, you need to transform these usernames to be accepted by the LDAP server.

Using the `--ldapUserToDNMapping` configuration parameter allows you to do this. You specify the match pattern as a regexp to capture a username. Next, specify how to transform it - either to use a substitution value or to query the LDAP server for a username.

If you don’t know what the Substitution or LDAP query string should be, please consult with the LDAP administrators to figure this out.

> Not, you can use only the `LDAP query` or the `Substitution` stage, the combination of two is not allowed.

Reviewer 2: typo: Not -> Note

> Not, you can use only the `LDAP query` or the `Substitution` stage, the combination of two is not allowed.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that you can use only the `LDAP query` or the `Substitution` stage, and you cannot combine the two.
```

??? tip admonition "Escaping special characters"
    **`substitution` parameter**<br />

>     The result of the substitution becomes the value of the `{USER}` placeholder, which is a `{USER}` value in the `security.ldap.authz.queryTemplate` parameter. Escaping requirements depend on the part of the query template that will be substituted. For example, the result of substitution will be full or part of a distinguished name. According to [RFC4514](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc4514.txt), you must escape special characters in the `substitution` parameter. Using other escaping mechanisms in this parameter is unnecessary because {{ product.psmdb_full_name }} applies the necessary escaping as outlined in [RFC4515](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4515) and [RFC4516](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4516) while substituting the `security.ldap.authz.queryTemplate` parameter.<br />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The result of the substitution becomes the value of the `{USER}` placeholder, which is a `{USER}` value in the `security.ldap.authz.queryTemplate` parameter. Escaping requirements depend on the part of the query template that will be substituted. For example, the result of substitution can be full distinguished name or part of it. In this case according to [RFC4514](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc4514.txt), you must escape special characters in the `substitution` parameter. Using other escaping mechanisms in this parameter is unnecessary because {{ product.psmdb_full_name }} applies the necessary escaping as outlined in [RFC4515](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4515) and [RFC4516](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4516) while substituting the `security.ldap.authz.queryTemplate` parameter.<br />
```

#### Access with username transformation

> If users connect to Percona Server for MongoDB with usernames that are not LDAP, you need to transform these usernames to be accepted by the LDAP server. f usernames contain special characters, these [characters must be escaped](#escaping-special-characters). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If users connect to Percona Server for MongoDB with usernames that are not LDAP, you need to transform these usernames to be accepted by the LDAP server. If usernames contain special characters, these [characters must be escaped](#escaping-special-characters). 
```
